dev, v3.0: update the doc of deploying TiDB on Alibaba Cloud (#1351)
pingcap/docs: dev/how-to/deploy/orchestrated/tidb-in-kubernetes/alibaba-cloud.md

        kubernetes {
            config_path = module.tidb-operator.kubeconfig_filename
        }
    }
    
    module "tidb-cluster" {
        source = "../modules/aliyun/tidb-cluster"
        providers = {
            helm = helm.default
        }
        
        cluster_name = "example-cluster"
        ack          = module.tidb-operator
    }
    
    module "bastion" {
        source = "../modules/aliyun/bastion"
        
        bastion_name             = "example-bastion"
        key_name                 = module.tidb-operator.key_name
        vpc_id                   = module.tidb-operator.vpc_id
        vswitch_id               = module.tidb-operator.vswitch_ids[0]
        enable_ssh_to_worker     = true
        worker_security_group_id = module.tidb-operator.security_group_id
    }
    ```

You can customize this script. For example, you can remove the `module "bastion"` declaration if you do not need the bastion machine.

> **Note:**
>
> You can copy the `deploy/aliyun` directory. But you cannot copy a directory on which the `terraform apply` operation is currently performed. In this case, it is recommended to clone the repository again and then copy it.

## Destroy

> It may take a long time to finish destroying the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It may take a while to finish destroying the cluster.
```
I prefer not to use "take a long time" here because it doesn't sound good to me before I do something.

> **Note:**
> 

> > You have to manually delete the cloud disk used by monitoring node in the Alibaba Cloud console after destroying if you don not need it anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You have to manually delete the cloud disk used by monitoring node in the Alibaba Cloud console after destroying if you do not need it anymore.
```
